replace slug of semgrep-cloud-platform with semgrep-appsec-platform (#1525)
semgrep/semgrep-docs: docs/release-notes/june-2023.md

    3. Click the **<i class="fas fa-ellipsis-h"></i> three-dot icon > Rename project**.
    4. Enter the name of the new project and click **Rename**.
    ![Screenshot of repository rename modal](/img/projects-rename-repo.png#md-width)

> * You can now select a default RBAC (role-based access control) role. Refer to [Setting a default role](/semgrep-appsec-platform/user-management/#setting-a-default-role).

Author: ```suggestion
* You can now select a default RBAC (role-based access control) role. Refer to [Setting a default role](/deployment/teams#set-a-default-role).
```
